README.md, before:

# TapRoom

##### A web app that displays a list of beers on tap.  Some listings are hard coded.  New listings can be created.  Listings can be edited, filtered, and deleted.  03/28/18

## By Sara Hamilton

# Description
This is an Epicodus practice project for week 3 of the JavaScript course.  It's purpose is to display understanding of Angular.

## Technologies Used
* HTML
* CSS
* Bootstrap
* JavaScript
* Node JS
* Angular

## Installation

clone the github respository
```
$ git clone https://github.com/Sara-Hamilton/tap-room
```
move into the directory
```
$ cd tap-room
```
install npm
```
$ npm install
```
run the program
```
$ ng serve --open
```


This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2018 **_Sara Hamilton_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add link to deployed website to readme

README.md, after:

# TapRoom

##### A web app that displays a list of beers on tap.  Some listings are hard coded.  New listings can be created.  Listings can be edited, filtered, and deleted.  03/28/18

## By Sara Hamilton

# Description
This is an Epicodus practice project for week 3 of the JavaScript course.  Its purpose is to display understanding of Angular. Visit the deployed site at https://taproom-a3fac.firebaseapp.com/

## Technologies Used
* HTML
* CSS
* Bootstrap
* JavaScript
* Node JS
* Angular

## Installation

clone the github respository
```
$ git clone https://github.com/Sara-Hamilton/tap-room
```
move into the directory
```
$ cd tap-room
```
install npm
```
$ npm install
```
run the program
```
$ ng serve --open
```


This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2018 **_Sara Hamilton_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
